A sample of text from the book, "Howard's End", by E.M. Forster.
 So the Wilcox episode fell into the background, leaving behind it memories of sweetness and horror
  that mingled, and the sisters pursued the life that Helen had commended.  They talked to each other
   and to other people, they filled the tall thin house at Wickham Place with those whom they liked 
   or could befriend.  They even attended public meetings.  In their own fashion they cared deeply 
   about politics, though not as politicians would have us care; they desired that public life 
   should mirror whatever is good in the life within.  Temperance, tolerance, and sexual equality 
   were intelligible cries to them; whereas they did not follow our Forward Policy in Thibet with 
   the keen attention that it merits, and would at times dismiss the whole British Empire with a 
   puzzled, if reverent, sigh.  Not out of them are the shows of history erected: the world would 
   be a grey, bloodless place were it entirely composed of Miss Schlegels.  But the world being 
   what it is, perhaps they shine out in it like stars.
    A word on their origin.  They were not "English to the backbone," as their aunt had piously 
    asserted.  But, on the other band, they were not "Germans of the dreadful sort." Their father 
    had belonged to a type that was more prominent in Germany fifty years ago than now.  He was not 
    the aggressive German, so dear to the English journalist, nor the domestic German, so dear to 
    the English wit.  If one classed him at all it would be as the countryman of Hegel and Kant, 
    as the idealist, inclined to be dreamy, whose Imperialism was the Imperialism of the air.  
    Not that his life had been inactive.  He had fought like blazes against Denmark, Austria, France. 
     But he had fought without visualizing the results of victory.  A hint of the truth broke on him 
     after Sedan, when he saw the dyed moustaches of Napoleon going grey; another when he entered 
     Paris, and saw the smashed windows of the Tuileries.  Peace came--it was all very immense, 
     one had turned into an Empire--but he knew that some quality had vanished 
    for which not all Alsace-Lorraine could compensate him.  Germany a commercial Power, Germany a 
    naval Power, Germany with colonies here and a Forward Policy there, and legitimate aspirations 
    in the other place, might appeal to others, and be fitly served by them; for his own part, he 
    abstained from the fruits of victory, and naturalized himself in England.  The more earnest 
    members of his family never forgave him, and knew that his children, though scarcely English of 
    the dreadful sort, would never be German to the backbone.  He had obtained work in one of our 
    provincial Universities, and there married Poor Emily (or Die Engländerin as the case may be), 
    and as she had money, they proceeded to London, and came to know a good many people.  But his 
    gaze was always fixed beyond the sea.  It was his hope that the clouds of materialism obscuring 
    the Fatherland would part in time, and the mild intellectual light re-emerge.  "Do you imply 
    that we Germans are stupid, Uncle Ernst?" exclaimed a haughty and magnificent nephew.  
    Uncle Ernst replied, "To my mind.  You use the intellect, but you no longer care about it.  
    That I call stupidity."  As the haughty nephew did not follow, he continued, "You only care 
    about the' things that you can use, and therefore arrange them in the following order: Money, 
    supremely useful; intellect, rather useful; imagination, of no use at all.  No"--for the other 
    had protested--"your Pan-Germanism is no more imaginative than is our Imperialism over here.  
    It is the vice of a vulgar mind to be thrilled by bigness, to think that a thousand square miles 
    are a thousand times more wonderful than one square mile, and that a million square miles are 
    almost the same as heaven.  That is not imagination.  No, it kills it.  When their poets over 
    here try to celebrate bigness they are dead at once, and naturally.  Your poets too are dying, 
    your philosophers, your musicians, to whom Europe has listened for two hundred years.  Gone.  
    Gone with the little courts that nurtured them--gone with Esterhaz and Weimar.  What?  What's 
    that?  Your Universities?  Oh, yes, you have learned men, who collect more facts than do the 
    learned men of England.  They collect facts, and facts, and empires of facts.  But which of them 
    will rekindle the light within?"
    To all this Margaret listened, sitting on the haughty nephew's knee.
    It was a unique education for the little girls.  The haughty nephew would be at Wickham Place 
    one day, bringing with him an even haughtier wife, both convinced that Germany was appointed by 
    God to govern the world.  Aunt Juley would come the next day, convinced that Great Britain had 
    been appointed to the same post by the same authority.  Were both these loud-voiced parties right?  
    On one occasion they had met, and Margaret with clasped hands had implored them to argue the 
    subject out in her presence.  Whereat they blushed, and began to talk about the weather.  
    "Papa" she cried--she was a most offensive child--"why will they not discuss this most clear 
    question?"  Her father, surveying the parties grimly, replied that he did not know.  Putting her 
    head on one side, Margaret then remarked, "To me one of two things is very clear; either God does 
    not know his own mind about England and Germany, or else these do not know the mind of God." 
    A hateful little girl, but at thirteen she had grasped a dilemma that most people travel through 
    life without perceiving.  Her brain darted up and down; it grew pliant and strong.  Her 
    conclusion was, that any human being lies nearer to the unseen than any organization, and from 
    this she never varied.  Helen advanced along the same lines, though with a more irresponsible 
    tread.  In character she resembled her sister, but she was pretty, and so apt to have a more 
    amusing time.  People gathered round her more readily, especially when they were new 
    acquaintances, and she did enjoy a little homage very much.  When their father died and they 
    ruled alone at Wickham Place, she often absorbed the whole of the company, while Margaret--both 
    were tremendous talkers--fell flat.  Neither sister bothered about this.  Helen never apologized 
    afterwards, Margaret did not feel the slightest rancour.  But looks have their influence upon 
    character.  The sisters were alike as little girls, but at the time of the Wilcox episode their 
    methods were beginning to diverge; the younger was rather apt to entice people, and, in enticing 
    them, to be herself enticed; the elder went straight ahead, and accepted an occasional failure 
    as part of the game.  Little need be premised about Tibby.  He was now an intelligent man of 
    sixteen, but dyspeptic and difficile.